Welcome to #TESTAUTOTHON2024
You are required to automate the following scenario using a tool of your choice. The
code must be entirely created by you and should cover UI, API, and mobile automation.
The selection of the framework is at your discretion. You are encouraged to generate a
report at the end to present to the jury. You may use any build/deploy tool, such as
Jenkins, to execute your automation solution.
The choice of tools is open. While you are not required to share your code, be prepared
to demonstrate it to the jury upon request.

Scenario:
Step 1: Website Navigation and Data Extraction
1.1. Launch any browser using code and open the website IndianExpress.com.
1.2. Identify and click on a link labelled "India," "Sports," "Business," or "Politics." as
shown in the pic below
1.3. From the selected section, locate a news article featuring a carousel (as depicted in
the provided reference image).
1.4. For three of the carousel items, extract the following information:
● Headline
● News Link
● Date and Time of Publication
● Team Name (This is your team's name and not an info that you get from the
news item)

Step 2: API Interaction and Validation
2.1. Send the extracted data to the backend through an API. The API documentation is
available a the below location.
http://ec2-54-254-162-245.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com:9000/docs#/
2.2 Please read the API documentation to understand which API will be used to post the
data to the backend.
Note: News date should be in the format of DDMMYYYY for ex if the news
was published on 15-Aug-2024, the format should be 15082024
2.3. The API will respond with an Item ID. Use this Item ID to validate the data using the
available APIs.

Step 3:
3.1. Launch the provided APK on a mobile device or emulator and extract the following
product details:
● Name
● Description
● Price
● Team Name
3.2. Push these details to the backend and validate them using the API.

Step 4: Automation Setup
4.1. Set up the entire automation solution to be executed from a build/deploy tool of
your choice.

Step 5: Reporting
5.1. Create a report detailing the steps, results, and any issues encountered during the
contest. The format and fields of the report are to be determined by you as the tester.